g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\jnu-actroom.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\jnu-actroom.pdb
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\EntityFramework.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\LitJSON.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Spatial.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\WebGrease.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\EntityFramework.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\System.Spatial.xml
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\obj\Debug\jnu-actroom.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\obj\Debug\jnu_actroom.Migrations.ii.resources
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\obj\Debug\jnu-actroom.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\obj\Debug\jnu-actroom.dll
g:\user-vainner\document\visual studio 2012\Projects\jnu-actroom\jnu-actroom\obj\Debug\jnu-actroom.pdb
